{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1031\deflangfe1031\deftab708{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang1033\b\f0\fs40 Multiple File Finder\par
\b0\fs16\par
\b\i\fs28 Version 1.2\par
\b0\i0\fs16\par
\i\fs24 X-Tension for X-Ways Forensics\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\i0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Multiple File Finder can search for filenames and/or path names and add the matching files to a specific report table.\par
\par
Further files can be exported and automatically renamed in different ways.\par
\par
For each exported file and after finishing the search, external applications can be run to take over the further analysis of the exported files.\par
\par
User defined text, the filename of an exported file or the output form console applications can be written to a files comment field.\par
\par
This X-Tension can be used in the dialog "\i Refine Volume Snapshot\i0 " and via the directory browser context menu.\par
\par
\pard If you have questions or suggestions, please feel free to contact me per e-mail (\i{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@gaijin.at" }}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul info@gaijin.at}}}\cf0\ulnone\i0\f0\fs20 ).\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 Configure the X-Tension\par
\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
In the download archive you will find the folder "\i MultiFileFinder\i0 " that contains the X-Tension ("\i MultiFileFinder.dll\i0 "). It is not necessary to install the X-Tension in a specific folder. Please ensure that the X-Tension has write permission for its own folder ("\i MultiFileFinder\i0 ").\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs24 Usage\par
\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
After starting the X-Tension (via Refine Volume Snapshot or the directory browser context menu) the user interface will be shown. Here you can add or insert search definitions in the text box or load and save definitions.\par
\par
In the main menu item "\i Settings\i0 " or in the toolbar you can enable or disable the following settings:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\tx284\b Activate Log\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 If the log is active, all messages are written to the message window of X-Ways Forensics and into the log file of X-Ways Forensics (if this option is set).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\tx284\b Activate Debug\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 The debug mode writes all messages to the message window only and gives some more information.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\tx284\b Add to Report Table\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 If this option is disabled, the item will be not assigned to any report table.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\tx284\b Modify Comment\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 If this option is disabled, no modification to an items comment will be made.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\tx284\b Activate Export\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 If the export is disabled, no file is copied to the local disk, even this is scheduled in the definition file.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\tx284\b Activate Execute\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 If the definition file defines external applications to be run, this option can prevent this.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
To use all features of a definition file, all above settings must be enabled.\par
\par
An example file "\i Registry.txt\i0 " is included. These definitions will find Windows NT Registry files.\par
\par
At the end of the search process (or the Volume Snapshot) the result is logged to the message window of X-Ways Forensics.\par
\par
After that you can filter out the hits with the filter dialog of the "\i Report table\i0 " column.\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 Creating Definitions\par
\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
The format of a definition file looks like an INI file. A definition file can contain multiple definition blocks (like sections of an INI file). A file must match all of the search expressions in one definition block to be added to the specified report table.\par
\par
For a better readability you can leave lines blank or add comments. Comment lines must start with a number sign (#) or with two slashes (//).\par
\par
Long lines can be wrapped by adding the string "\i <\'85>\i0 " at the end of a line. Space characters on the left side of the new line will be deleted. So required space characters have to be added at the end of the line. Example:\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\b\f1\fs18 Comment=This very long line <...>\par
will be added to the com<...>\par
ment field.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\ul\b\fs24 Definition Blocks and Search Expressions\par
\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
Each item definition block starts with the identifier "\i [Item]\i0 " in a single line. After the identifier follow the search expressions and properties for this block.\par
\par
Search expressions have the format:\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\b\f1\fs18 DataField=\cf1 Options\cf0 :\cf1 SearchTerm\cf0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f0\fs20\par
Each search expression begins with the name of the data field. The data field must be separated from the search term with an equal sign (=).\par
\par
There are actually the following data fields available:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\b Name\par
\b0\tab This field contains the name of the file.\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 Path\par
\b0\tab This field contains the path of the file. The path starts and ends with a backslash.\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 Full\par
\b0\tab This field represents the full path of a file and contains the path and the filename.\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 Parent\par
\b0\tab This field contains the name of the parent folder.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx567\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\ul\b\fs24 Search Terms\par
\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
The search term should start with some options. Options are case-sensitive letters, separated from the term with a colon (:).\par
\par
The following search options are available:\ul\par
\ulnone\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\b S\par
\b0\tab This performs a simple text search for a part of the data field.\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi1\li567\fs20 For simple text search are the following options available:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li851\tx851\b\fs20 c\par
\b0\tab The search is case-sensitive.\par
\b m\par
\b0\tab The search term must match the full data field.\par
\b b\par
\b0\tab The search term must match the beginning of the data field.\par
\b e\par
\b0\tab The search term must match the end of the data field.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi1\li567\tx567 In place of the options "\i m\i0 ", "\i b\i0 " and "\i e\i0 " the signs "\i ^\i0 " and/or "\i $\i0 " can be used to mark the beginning and/or the end of the data (equal to regular expressions).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li851\tx851\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\b R\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi1\li567\b0 Search with a regular expression. The search with a regular expression is case-insensitive by default. This behavior can be changed with the regular expression modifier "\i (?-i)\i0 " or with the search option "\i c\i0 " (see below).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi1\li567\fs20 For the search with regular expressions are the following options available:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li851\tx851\b\fs20 c\par
\b0\tab The search is case-sensitive. This is an alternative for the regular expression "\i (?-i)\i0 ".\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\b N\par
\b0\tab The search result will be negated (NOT).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
If no option is set, the search is performed with a case-insensitive simple text that must be contained in the data field. This is equal to the option "\i S\i0 ".\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs24 Properties\par
\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
Properties have the format:\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\cf1\b\f1\fs18 Name\cf0 =\cf1 Value\cf0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f0\fs20\par
The following property is available:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\b MatchMode\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 In an Item definition block all search terms are concatenated with a logical AND by default. With this property this behavior can be changed. The following values are possible:\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li851\tx851\b\fs20 AND\par
\b0\tab The search terms will be concatenated with a logical AND (his is the default). This means that all search terms in an Item block must match.\par
\b OR\par
\b0\tab The search terms will be concatenated with a logical OR. This means that only one search term in an Item block must match.\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\fs20 Is this property not set, the value empty or is the value "\i <DEFAULT>\i0 ", then the value is taken from the previous Default block.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\b ReportTable\par
\b0\tab Matching files will be added to this report table.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\fs8\par
\fs20 When the property "\i ReportTable\i0 " is not added or if it has an empty value ("\i ReportTable=\i0 ") than the name "\i XT_MultiFileFinder\i0 " will be used.\par
\fs8\par
\fs20 If the value contains the placeholder "\i <DEFAULT>\i0 ", then the placeholder will be replaced with the name defined in the previous default block.\par
\fs8\par
\fs20 The value "\i <NONE>\i0 " means that matching files are not assigned to a report table.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\b ExportFolder\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 Matching files will be exported to this folder.\par
\fs8\par
\fs20 If the value contains the placeholder "\i <DEFAULT>\i0 ", then the placeholder will be replaced with the path defined in the previous default block.\par
\fs8\par
\fs20 Is this property not added, the export folder from the previous default definition block will be used (this is equal to the notation "\i ExportFolder=<DEFAULT>\i0 ").\par
\fs8\par
\fs20 The value "\i <NONE>\i0 " or an empty value means that matching files will be no exported.\par
\fs8\par
\fs20 If the values begins with "\i <SELECTFOLDER:\i0 " and ends with "\i >\i0 ", a selection dialog for folder is shown. The text after the colon is displayed as description, e.g. "\i <SELECTFOLDER:Please select a folder:>\i0 ".\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\b ExportExisting\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 If a file with the same name in the export folder already exists, this property controls the behavior of the export procedure.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\fs8\par
\fs20 The value can be one of the following:\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li851\tx851\b\fs20 Skip\par
\b0\tab If a file with the same name is already exists, the file will not be exported.\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 Rename\par
\b0\tab A free filename will be created automatically, if the filename already exists.\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 ForceRename\par
\b0\tab The file will be renamed in all cases. After that, the filename will be renamed automatically, if necessary. This value is useful with the property "\i ExportRenameMask\i0 ".\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 ForceRenameOverwrite\par
\b0\tab The file will be renamed in all cases. After that, an existing file is overwritten. This value is useful with the property "\i ExportRenameMask\i0 ".\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 Overwrite\par
\b0\tab The file will be copied to the export folder. A file with the same name will be overwritten.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\b ExportRenameMask\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\b0 This value defines the mask used for the renaming process.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\fs20 The mask can contain the following placeholders:\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li851\tx851\b\fs20 <NAME>\par
\b0\tab This placeholder represents the name of the file.\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 <EXT>\par
\b0\tab This placeholder represents the extension of the file (if available) including the preceding dot.\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 <FOLDER>\par
\b0\tab This placeholder represents the name of the export folder. (This is the last folder name in the path defined by the property "\i ExportFolder\i0 ").\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 <PARENT>\par
\b0\tab This placeholder represents the name of the parent folder of the file to be exported.\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 <INTID>\par
\b0\tab This placeholder represents the internal identification number of the file.\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 <SECTOR>\par
\b0\tab This placeholder represents the first sector of the file.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\fs8\par
\fs20 The automatic renaming of filenames can work only if the placeholders "\i <EXT>\i0 " or "\i <NAME>\i0 " are contained in the mask. Are both missing, an asterisk (\i *\i0 ) is required to mark the position of the automatic renaming, e.g. "\i ExportedFile*.BIN\i0 ". The automatic renaming function adds an underscore in front of an increasing number.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\b Comment\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 This property can replace or add a comment to a matching file.\par
\fs8\par
\fs20 In front of the comment text, you can define how to set the comment. To do so, one of the following options must be set. The option must be separated with a pipe sign ("\i |\i0 ") from the comment text.\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 r\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li851\tx851\b0 Replaces an eventually existing comment (e.g. "\i Comment=r|Text...\i0 ").\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\fs8\par
\b\fs20 s\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li851\tx851\b0 Adds the text with a space character as delimiter to an existing comment (e.g. "\i Comment=s|Text...\i0 ").\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\fs8\par
\b\fs20 a\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li851\tx851\b0 Adds the text with a line break as delimiter to an existing comment (e.g. "\i Comment=a|Text...\i0 ").\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\fs8\par
\fs20 If no option is specified, the text will be added with a line break as delimiter (option "\i a\i0 ").\par
\fs8\par
\fs20 If the value contains the placeholder "\i <DEFAULT>\i0 ", then the placeholder will be replaced with the path defined in the previous default block.\line\fs8\par
\fs20 If the value is set to "\i <NONE>\i0 ", the comment will not be changed, except the option "r" is set. In this case an existing comment will be set to an empty string (the comment mark will be still shown).\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\fs20 The comment text can contain the following additional placeholders:\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li851\tx851\b\fs20 <LASTEXPORTFOLDER>\par
\b0\tab This placeholder represents the last used export folder.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li851\tx851\b\fs20 <LASTDEFAULTEXPORTFOLDER>\par
\b0\tab This placeholder represents the last defined default export folder.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\fs8\par
\b\fs20 <EXPORTFOLDER>\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li851\tx851\b0 This placeholder represents the export folder.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\fs8\par
\b\fs20 <NEWFILENAME>\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li851\tx851\b0 This placeholder represents the name of the exported file (if the file was renamed, this placeholder contains the new name).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\fs8\par
\b\fs20 <EXPORTEDFILE>\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li851\tx851\b0 This placeholder represents the full path (export folder and name) of the file.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li851\tx851\b\fs20 <BR>\par
\b0\tab This placeholder will be replaced with a line break.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\ul\b\fs24 Default Values\par
\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
In a default definition block, which begins with the line "\i [Default]\i0 ", you can add default values. These default values affect all properties in the following item definition blocks. These properties can include the default value with the placeholder "\i <DEFAULT>\i0 ". If no property defined in an item block, then the default value is used too. A definition file can contain multiple default definition blocks.\par
\par
The default value of the following properties can be defined in default blocks:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li567\tx567\b ReportTable\par
ExportFolder\par
ExportExists\par
ExportRenameMask\par
Comment\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\par
The placeholders "\i <DEFAULT>\i0 " and "\i <NONE>\i0 " can not be used in default values.\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 Run external applications\par
\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
At the end of the search progress and for each exported file, external applications can be run. In both cases, multiple \i Execute\i0 -Properties can be defined to run multiple applications.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs22 Run external applications at the end of the search progress\par
\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
A definition file can define external application to be run at the end of the search progress. This can be done in the block "\i [Finalize]\i0 " with the property "\i Execute\i0 ".\par
\par
\i Execute\i0 -Properties have the format:\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\b\f1\fs18 Execute=\cf1 Verb\cf0 |\cf1 Filename\cf0 |\cf1 FormStyle\cf0 |\cf1 WorkingDirectory\cf0 |\cf1 Parameters\cf0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f0\fs20\par
The Property must contain at least the verb and the filename. To execute applications, the verb has to be set to "\i open\i0 ". After the filename (without parameters), the "\i FormStyle\i0 " defines the window style of the application. For a normal window, this field can be left blank. Valid styles are "\i NORMAL\i0 " (default), "\i MINIMIZED\i0 " and "\i MAXIMIZED\i0 ". The working directory can be set too. If it is not defined, the current working directory will be not changed.\par
\par
The "\i Parameters\i0 " field contains the command line parameters. Before run the application, the following placeholders will be replaced:\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\b\fs20 <LASTEXPORTFOLDER>\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 This placeholder represents the name of the last used export folder in a default or an item block.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\fs8\par
\b\fs20 <LASTDEFAULTEXPORTFOLDER>\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 This placeholder represents the name of the last used export folder in a default block.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Folders should be enclosed with quotes if they include space characters.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs22 Run external applications for each exported file\par
\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
For each exported file, external applications can be run to analyze the exported file.\par
\par
To do so, the attribute "\i Execute\i0 " will be used in the same style as described above, except the possible placeholders.\par
\par
Before run the application, the following placeholders will be replaced:\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\b\fs20 <EXPORTFOLDER>\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 This placeholder represents the export folder.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\fs8\par
\b\fs20 <NEWFILENAME>\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 This placeholder represents the name of the exported file (if the file was renamed, this placeholder contains the new name).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\fs8\par
\b\fs20 <EXPORTEDFILE>\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 This placeholder represents the full path (export folder and name) of the file.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\ul\b\fs22 Run external console applications\par
\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
Console applications can be run in both, finalize and item blocks. The output can be written to the log. Additionally, in Item definition blocks the output can be added to the files comment field.\par
\par
A console application can be executed with the property "\i ExecuteConsole\i0 " in the following format:\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\b\f1\fs18 ExecuteConsole=\cf1 Options\cf0 |\cf1 OutputTemplate\cf0 |\cf1 Timeout\cf0 |\cf1 WorkingDirectory\cf0 |\cf1 Parameter\cf0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f0\fs20\par
The last field must be always the Parameter field. The other fields can be missing from right to left.\par
\par
The parameter defines the application and its command line parameters. These will be sent to the console ("\i cmd.exe\i0 "). The application name and the parameters should be enclosed by double quotes, if they contain space characters. The parameter field can contain placeholders, equal to the placeholders of the "\i Execute\i0 " property.\par
\par
In the option field, the following placeholders can be used:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\fs8\par
\b\fs20 P\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 If this option is set, the process will be not terminated after the timeout and must be terminated manually in the Windows Task Manager.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\fs8\par
\b\fs20 D\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 This option activates the debug mode. In the debug mode the console window is visible and the console does not close automatically. The timeout take effect and the option "\i P\i0 " can be used to prevent the termination of the process.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\fs8\par
\b\fs20 L\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 If this option is set, the console output is written to the log and the message window. This option includes the option "\i M\i0 ".\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\fs8\par
\b\fs20 M\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 If this option is set, the console output is written to the message window.\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\b\fs20 C\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 If this option is set, the console output is written to the comment of the current file. With the following additional options the behavior can be set:\par
\fs8\par
\b\fs20 r\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li851\tx851\b0 Replaces an eventually existing comment (e.g. "\i Comment=r|Text...\i0 ").\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\fs8\par
\b\fs20 s\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li851\tx851\b0 Adds the text with a space character as delimiter to an existing comment (e.g. "\i Comment=s|Text...\i0 ").\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\fs8\par
\b\fs20 a\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li851\tx851\b0 Adds the text with a line break as delimiter to an existing comment (e.g. "\i Comment=a|Text...\i0 ").\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
The output template defines the format of the output in the log and comment field. In the template all placeholders can be used as in the field "\i Parameter\i0 ". Additionally, the following placeholders can be used:\par
\fs8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\b\fs20 <BR>\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi1\li567\tx567\b0 This placeholder will be replaced with a line break.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\fs8\par
\b\fs20 <CONSOLE>\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li567\tx567\b0 This placeholder contains the console output of the application.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
The timeout (in milliseconds) defines how long the application can be run before it will be terminated. The default value is set to 5000 milliseconds (5 seconds). The timeout should not set to small or to large.\par
\par
The working directory can be set too. If it is not defined, the current working directory will be not changed.\par
\par
\par
\fs18 ____________________________________\par
Copyright \'a9 2013-2016 Werner Rumpeltesz\par
\pard E-mail:\tab{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@gaijin.at" }}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul info@gaijin.at}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs18  \par
Website:\tab{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gaijin.at/en/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.gaijin.at/en/}}}\f0\fs18\par
\par
}
 